
1. Find Unique Character - String Operations

2. Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters - String Manipulation

3. Finding the Longest Palindromic Substring - String Operations

4. How do you check if two strings are anagrams of each other? 

5. How do you find all the permutations of a string? 

6. How do you check if a string contains only digits? 

7. How do you find duplicate characters in a given string? 

8. How do you count the occurrence of a given character in a string? 

9. How do you print the first non-repeated character from a string?

10. How do you reverse words in a given sentence without using any library method? 

How do you find the length of the longest substring without repeating characters? 

how to remove the duplicate character from String? 

How to find the maximum occurring character in given String? 

How do you remove a given character from String? 



1. Write a java program to reversal the given word.

2. Write a java program to find the number of occurences of the given pattern.

3. Write a java program to find whether the two given words are anagrams
   Hint: anagrams are those which contains same letters in both words.
  ex> listen and silent are anagrams

4. Write a java program to check whether given string is pangram or not?
  Hint: Pangram is string which consists of all alphabets

5. Write a java program to check if two given Strings are Isomorphic to each other
   return true if yes else false.

6. Input:  str1 = “aab”, str2 = “xxy”
Output: True
Explanation: ‘a’ is mapped to ‘x’ and ‘b’ is mapped to ‘y’.

Input:  str1 = “aab”, str2 = “xyz”
Output: False
Explanation: One occurrence of ‘a’ in str1 has ‘x’ in str2 and other occurrence of ‘a’ has ‘y’.


7. Given two strings, write a java program to find if a string can be obtained by rotating another string by two places. 
Input: string1 = “amazon”, string2 = “azonam” 
Output: Yes 
Explanation: Rotating string1 by 2 places in anti-clockwise gives the string2.

Input: string1 = “amazon”, string2 = “onamaz” 
Output: Yes 
Explanation: Rotating string1 by 2 places in clockwise gives the string2.


8. Write a method that returns number of occurrences of a each ovel in a string.
		public Map<Character,Integer>  getOccurrences(String string);

9. Write a method that that returns acronym in uppercase of given string.

		public String getAcronym(String string);

		Ex. if string is Welcome To Java, ouput  WTJ

10. Write a method that receives an array of String and retuns string with least number 
   of characters

		public String  leastLength(String [] words);

11. Write a method that returns difference between lowest and highest values of the
   given array.

	public int difference(inte list[]);

12. Write a method that sorts first half of the array in ascending order and second half
of the array in decending ored and returns new array.

	public int[] sort(int list[]);


13. Write a Java program that iterates integers from 1 to 100. For multiples of three print "Fizz" instead of the number 
and print "Buzz" for five. When the number is divided by three and five, print "fizz buzz".


14. Write a Java program to find a contiguous subarray with the largest sum from a given array of integers.
Note: In computer science, the maximum subarray problem is the task of finding the contiguous subarray within a one-dimensional 
array of numbers which has the largest sum. For example, for the sequence of values −2, 1, −3, 4, −1, 2, 1, −5, 4; 
the contiguous subarray with the largest sum is 4, −1, 2, 1, with sum 6. The subarray should contain one integer at least.


15. Write a Java program to get the preorder traversal of the values of the nodes in a binary tree.
Example:
    10
   / \
  20   30
 / \
40   50


16. Write a Java program to find the updated length of a sorted array where each element appears only once (remove duplicates).
Original array: [1, 1, 2, 3, 3, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 7] 
The length of the original array is: 11 After removing duplicates, the new length of the array is: 7


17. Write a Java program to remove the nth element from the end of a given list.
Sample Output:
Original node:
1 2 3 4 5
After removing 2nd element from end:
1 2 3 5


18.  Write a Java program to find the index of the first unique character in a given string. Assume that there is at least one unique character in the string.
Sample Output:
Original String: wresource
First unique character of the above: 0


19. Write a Java program to check if a given string is a permutation of another given string.
Sample Output:
Original strings: xxyz yxzx
true


20. Write a Java program to check if an array of integers contains three increasing adjacent numbers.

ex> 123, 345, 456, 789 etc.,


String-handling problems

21. Write a method that returns number of occurrences of a each ovel in a string.
		public Map<Character,Integer>  getOccurrences(String string);

22. Write a method that that returns acronym in uppercase of given string.

		public String getAcronym(String string);

		Ex. if string is Welcome To Java, ouput  WTJ

23. Write a method that receives an array of String and retuns string with least number 
   of characters

		public String  leastLength(String [] words);

24. Write a method that returns difference between lowest and highest values of the
   given array.

	public int difference(inte list[]);

25. Write a method that sorts first half of the array in ascending order and second half
of the array in decending ored and returns new array.

	public int[] sort(int list[]);







